Allow packages with multiple build-systems (separate classes) (#30738)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/build_systems/rubypackage.rst

Phases
^^^^^^

> The ``RubyBuilder`` and ``RubyPackage`` base class provides the following phases that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``RubyBuilder`` and ``RubyPackage`` base classes provide the following phases that
```
